fix(docs): add docs for kv cli command (#1140)
jstz-dev/jstz: docs/cli.mdx

The `list` command lists sub-keys for a given key.
Sub-keys are separated with slashes, so if a smart function stores data with the keys `primaryKey/subKeyA` and `primaryKey/subKeyB`, the command `jstz kv list primaryKey` returns `subKeyA` and `subKeyB`.

#### Commands

- `get`: Gets a value from the key-value store.

- `list`: Lists sub-keys for a given key.

#### Usage

```bash
export counter=tz4CYGgcFtphw3AXS2Mx2CMmfj6voV5mPc9b # Address of the previously deployed smart function examples/counter.js
jstz run "jstz://${counter}/"
jstz kv get -a $counter counter
```

#### Options

- `--account (-a) <ADDRESS>`: The address of the smart function to get the key-value data for.

- `--network (-n) <NETWORK>`: The network from the config file, such as `dev` for the local sandbox.

#### Example

```bash
jstz kv get -a $counter counter
```

### Log in

The `login` command switches the active account to an account from the config file.
The active account is the account from which calls to smart functions come from.

#### Usage

```bash
jstz login <ALIAS>
```

#### Arguments

None.

#### Example

```bash
jstz account create Alice
jstz logout
jstz login Alice
```

### Log out

> The `logout` command removes the active account from the config file.

Reviewer: I see it doesn't remove anything from the config file. Do you mean:
```suggestion
The `logout` command logs out from the active account.
```

Author: It doesn't really log you in or out of anything. It removes the `current_alias` field from the config file. I'll clarify that.

Reviewer: I see the new version is explicit enough, thanks.

### Usage

```bash
jstz logout
```

#### Arguments

None.

#### Example

```bash
jstz account create Alice

> jstz logout
> jstz login Alice

Reviewer: I guess you mean the reverse:
```suggestion
jstz login Alice
jstz logout
```

Author: ok, changed this to:
```
jstz logout
jstz account create Alice
jstz login Alice
jstz logout
```

jstz deploy examples/counter.js --name my_counter --balance 42
```

### KV

The `kv` commands get information from the Jstz key-value store.
They cannot change that information because only smart functions can write to the key-value store.
To get or change key-value data in a smart function, see [KV](/api/kv).

The `list` command lists sub-keys for a given key.
Sub-keys are separated with slashes, so if a smart function stores data with the keys `primaryKey/subKeyA` and `primaryKey/subKeyB`, the command `jstz kv list primaryKey` returns `subKeyA` and `subKeyB`.

#### Commands

- `get`: Gets a value from the key-value store.

- `list`: Lists sub-keys for a given key.

#### Usage

```bash

> export counter=tz4CYGgcFtphw3AXS2Mx2CMmfj6voV5mPc9b # Address of the previously deployed smart function examples/counter.js

Author: Replaced with a KT1 address.
